Team Mac or Windows. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team McDonald's or Burger King. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Nike or Adidas. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Rum or Vodka. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Barça or Real Madrid. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Winter or Summer. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Android or iPhone. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Cats or Dogs. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Ass or Tits. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Beer or Mixed Drink. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Piercing or Tattoo On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
Team Blonde or Dark hair. On the count of 3 you shout your team's name, the losing team drinks once
What would you rather, eat a brownie that tastes like shit or eat shit that tastes like brownie. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, to die frozen or burned On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, be an excellent singer or an excellent writer. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, stop using Facebook or YouTube. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, only listening to Justin Bieber or Maluma (reggaeton singer) for the rest of your life. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, lose a leg or an arm. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, cure cancer or end child poverty
What would you rather, live in the past or the future. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, be Harry Potter or Luke Skywalker. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, never getting drunk or getting drunk with just one drink. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, save the life of a stranger or get a million euros. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, be able to fly or to read minds. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, be half as short or twice as heavy. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, speak like Yoda or breathe like Darth Vader. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, be able to teleport or to become invisible. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, have sex with a horse once or never have sex again. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, always know when someone lies or to be able to lie without anyone knowing. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
What would you rather, that mermaids or unicorns existed. On the count of 3 shout out your choice, the minority drinks once
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think is the dumbest. The most pointed at player assigns 4 drinks and cries in a corner
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think is the most good looking. The most pointed at player drinks 3 times
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think is late the most. The most pointed at player drinks 3 times, and when he or she is done, 1 more because s/he's taking too long
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think flirts the most. The most pointed at player drinks twice
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think has the most perverted face. The most pointed at player assigns 4 drinks
On the count of 3, everyone points at the two players they think have the highest chances of having sex tonight (couples not allowed). The two chosen players kiss
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think has the best ass. The most pointed at player shows his/her ass to the other players
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player that dresses the worst. The most pointed at player drinks twice and learns how to dress
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think is the group's drunkard. The chosen player skips the next 3 drinks, for his/her own sake
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think is the stingiest. The most pointed at player drinks 3 times
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think gives the best oral sex The chosen player smiles and nods, then drinks twice
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think is best at making love. The most pointed at player drinks 4 times
On the count of 3, everyone points at the player they think will get the farthest in life. The chosen player drinks 3 times to celebrate
On the count of 3, everyone points at the most reckless player. The most pointed at player drinks twice